( buzzing )
( rattling )
♪ ROCKO'S MODERN LIFE ♪
ROCKO'S MODERN LIFE.
( whistling and buzzing )
( splat! )
( screaming )
♪ ROCKO'S MODERN LIFE. ♪
ROCKO'S MODERN LIFE.
[Captioning sponsored by THE
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION]
THAT WAS A HOOT!
( shoes squeaking )
( liquid pouring )
( people talking and laughing )
( saxophone playing jazz )
Filburt:
I'M TELLING YOU
THIS DREAM IS SO REAL.
SOCKS,
HUNDREDS OF SOCKS...
SMOTHERING ME
WITH THEIR STENCH
TOUCHING ME
ALL OVER MY BODY.
WOW.
CRAZY, MAN.
( clearing throat )
A POEM...
ENTITLED, "FLIES."
FLIES!
( softly ):
FLIES.
FLIES ON MY TONGUE...
SO I ATE THEM.
FLIES...
ON THE WINDSHIELD.
SO MAKE AN OMELETTE.
MAGGOTS...
MAGGOTS
IN THE MORNING
SO HOLD
YOUR BABY TIGHT.
MAGGOTS!
ROCKO?!
HEY, ROCKO, OVER HERE.
IT'S ME, HEFFER, REMEMBER?
HEY, HEFF.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHAT IS THIS PLACE?
IT'S THE CHAMELEON
BROTHERS' CAFE
THE HIPPEST
PLACE IN TOWN--
AND I WORK HERE.
WANT TO SEE
MY NEW TATTOO?
All:
NO!
IT'S OKAY, HEFF.
I'LL JUST USE
MY VIVID IMAGINATION.
Chameleon Brothers:
♪ OH, ROCKO! ♪
YO, ROCKO.
WOULD YOU LIKE
A CUP OF COFFEE?
THE WORLD'S GREATEST...
YA, WAKES THE DEAD.
THESE GUYS ARE
TRUE JAVA MEN, ROCKO.
THEY MAKE COFFEE
LIKE YOU NEVER TASTED.
ALL THE HIP PEOPLE
ARE DRINKING IT.
All:
MMM... THIS COFFEE
SURE IS DELICIOUS.
( bang )
( crackling )
( crashing )
YOU GOT TO HAVE
A CUP, DADDY-O.
( bell dings )
HEADS UP, HONEY.
HERE COMES
ANOTHER TASTY ONE.
BOTTOMS UP.
( coffee burbling )
( slurping )
TASTES GREAT, HUH?
( coughing, choking )
YECH!
HEFFER!
THIS ISN'T COFFEE.
( gasps )
( all gasp )
WELL, BUT,
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
I SAID, "THIS IS
DEFINITELY NOT COFFEE."
ROCKO,
LITTLE FRIEND.
CAN WE SPEAK
WITH YOU
IN THE BACK
FOR JUST A MINUTE?
JUST A TEENSY
SECOND.
RIGHT THIS WAY, WATCH YOUR STEP.
ROCKO, LET ME
TELL YOU SOMETHING.
BEFORE YOU PASS
JUDGEMENT
ON OUR COFFEE, ROCKO...
LET US GIVE YOU
THE HISTORY BEHIND IT.
LEON AND I CAME FROM
A PLACE FAR FROM O-TOWN.
NO!
WAIT, BROTHER.
USE... THE VOICE.
( laughing )
AH, YES,
THE VOICE.
( clears throat )
( knocking )
( in a silky voice ):
LEON AND I
CAME FROM A PLACE
FAR AWAY
A PLACE FEW
HAVE HEARD OF--
A TINY, LITTLE EMPIRE
KNOWN AS BALZAC
WHICH LAY BEHIND
THE GREAT WHITE PICKET FENCE.
BALZAC WASN'T A BAD PLACE.
SERVISKY.
I'VE GOT IT,
COMRADES.
OH, HIT IT, EDWARDOVICH!
I GOT IT.
Y-YOU GO GET IT.
YOU HIT IT LAST.
I'M NOT GOING
OUT THERE.
HE'LL
P-PUNISH US.
( arguing )
Leon:
THE ONLY PROBLEM WITH BALZAC
WAS THE PEOPLE LIVED IN FEAR--
IN FEAR OF THEIR MIGHTY CZAR.
HEY, PSST!
THE MIGHTY CZAR.
( exploding )
A CZAR WHOSE ONLY CONCERN
WAS TO KEEP
HIS LITTLE COUNTRY TRENDY.
AND WE WERE HIS SERVANTS.
OH, YES,
VERY GOOD.
SNIPPY, SNIPPY.
JUST A LITTLE TRIM
A LITTLE
OFF THE TOP.
HEAD FORWARD!
CUNNING, SIRE.
OH, I THINK YOU'LL LIKE THIS.
HA, HA, I KNOW YOU'LL LIKE IT.
AH,
PERFECTO!
WHAT YOU THINK?
I... I LIKE IT.
IT'S REALLY ME.
DO YOU THINK
I LOOK LIKE THE PICTURE?
YOU ARE ONE HIP DUDE-Y.
IT'S NEW WAVE.
IT'S... YOU.
IT'S SETTLED THEN.
QUICK, GIVE ME THE INTERCOM.
OH, I'M SO EXCITED.
DA-DA-DA-DA!
ATTENTION, HELLO.
( feedback )
Citizens of Balzac!
You'll be excited to know
that I'm instituting
a new official kingdom hairdo.
Stay tuned for further details.
THE PEOPLE ALWAYS DID
AS THEIR LEADER WISHED.
( loudspeaker static )
( rhythmic mouth noises )
Czar:
♪ I love your butt... ♪
( rhythmic mouth noises )
♪ I love your buns! ♪
That was this week's
number one hit from London.
Cool, huh?
I hope you're all enjoying
the latest
in cranberry bush wear.
THIS IS YOUR CZAR SIGNING OUT.
GOSH, I HATE THIS THING!
( sheep bleating )
CHUCK!
LEON!
WE CONTINUED TO SATISFY
OUR LORD OF LORDS' APPETITE
FOR THE TRENDIEST OF TRENDS.
DAY...
( bleating )
AFTER DAY....
( sirens blaring )
AFTER DAY...
( squeaking )
( ringing )
AFTER DAY...
UNTIL THAT FATEFUL AFTERNOON...
C-C-COFFEE!
I WANT MY PEOPLE
TO DRINK COFFEE!
THERE WAS ONLY ONE PROBLEM.
COFFEE, I MUST HAVE MY COFFEE.
BUT YOUR ROUNDNESS
THERE IS
NO COFFEE IN BALZAC.
I DON'T CARE.
I WANT COFFEE.
AND YOU'LL
JUST HAVE TO GO
TO THE DUNGEON
UNTIL YOU GET SOME.
( metallic clanking )
OUR FATE SEEMED SEALED.
I THINK OUR
PRESIDENT OF PUDGE
HAS FINALLY CRACKED.
GOT ANY IDEAS,
BROTHER OF MINE?
WE'LL HAVE TO INVENT
SOME WAY TO MAKE COFFEE.
Filburt:
STUPID, STINKING SOCKS!
SOCKS!
OH, HERE ARE YOUR
CLEAN SOCKS, YOUR FATNESS.
( muttering ):
SMELLY STINKIES.
THERE.
THE LAST ONE.
( chomping noisily )
( burps )
OH, FISH STICKS!
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING AT?
HUH! SMELLY...
HELLO, LITTLE
TURTLE-Y MAN.
WHAT ARE
YOU DOING?
I'M HAPPILY WASHING
THE KING'S SOCKS FOR ETERNITY.
WHAT DOES IT LOOK LIKE?
SOCKS, SOCKS, SOCKS...
( alarm clock rings )
OH, HOLD ON A SECOND.
TIME FOR MY BREAK.
( bubbling )
( timer rings )
( slurping )
IT KEEPS ME GOING.
YOU WERE
SAYING?
( general conversation )
OKAY, OKAY!
SHUT UP, EVERYBODY.
JUST SHUT UP!
I'VE GOT
AN IMPORTANTE ANNOUNCEMENTE.
MY TWO BELOVED
CHAMELEON SERVANTS
ARE ABOUT
TO PROVIDE
YOUR CZARNESS
BALZAC'S
FIRST CUP
OF COFFEE.
ARE YOU READY?!
OH, YOU'RE GOING
TO LOVE THIS, SIRE.
IT'S THE ULTIMATE
IN DESIGNER COFFEE.
FRESH FROM THE...
FROM THE, UM, UH...
WELL, IT'S FRESH
AND IT ONLY TASTES GOOD
TO THOSE WITH, UH...
Together:
GOOD TASTE.
WELL... BOTTOMS UP!
( gulping )
( mug shatters )
( gasping )
F-F-FASHIONABLE.
THE, THE LATEST.
HE'S NOT SWALLOWING.
THE KING IS NOT HIP.
THE KING IS NOT TRENDY.
THE KING, HE'S NAKED!
OOPS.
( bubbling, whistling )
( exploding )
( gasping )
DELICIOUS?
Crowd:
HURRAY!
OOH!
SO THE CZAR
HAD HIS WISH FULFILLED...
HEE, HEE.
...AND THE PEOPLE HAD COFFEE.
All:
HEEE.
Chuck:
AND, MOST IMPORTANTLY,
WE ESCAPED A LIFE IN PRISON.
All:
AW!
Leon:
CHUCK AND I FLED LATER
AFTER ANOTHER ONE
OF THE CZAR'S REQUESTS.
Czar:
CHUCK, LEON.
IS MY SAUSAGE-SKIN SUIT
READY YET?
( feet pattering )
Czar:
CHUCK? LEON!
WE ARRIVED IN THE U.S.A.
WITH THE SOCKS ON OUR FEETSES.
WITH THOSE SOCKS
AND A FEW DONATIONS
BY HEFFER
WE WERE ABLE TO CREATE THE
CHAMELEON BROTHERS' COFFEE CRAZE
RIGHT HERE IN O-TOWN.
PLEASE, ROCKO,
GIVE IT ANOTHER TRY
SO WE WON'T
LOSE BUSINESS.
IT'S ALL
WE HAVE, ROCKO.
I AM TERRIBLY
SORRY, GUYS.
I JUST CAN'T CAVE IN
TO PEER PRESSURE LIKE THAT.
YOU SEE, THIS IS NOT BALZAC.
WE'RE IN THE GOOD, OLD U.S.A.
YOU'RE NOT RULED BY A CZAR.
A PERSON HAS THE RIGHT
TO DO AS THEY CHOOSE.
NO, I WILL NOT
FOLLOW THE BEATEN PATH
TRAMPLED BY THE MASSES.
AS THE GREAT PATRIOT
THOMAS JEFFERSON SAID...
"BEAR IN MIND
THIS SACRED PRINCIPLE:
"THAT THOUGH THE WILL
OF THE MAJORITY
"IS IN ALL CASES TO PREVAIL
"THAT WILL, TO BE RIGHTFUL,
MUST BE REASONABLE
"THAT THE MINORITY POSSESSES
THEIR EQUAL RIGHTS
WHICH EQUAL LAWS
MUST PROTECT..."
OKAY, OKAY, ALREADY,
HONEST ABE.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO
DRINK THE COFFEE.
COME BACK TOMORROW
AND HAVE THE CHEESECAKE.
Heffer:
HEY, THIS ISN'T CHEESECAKE.
Chuck:
LET ME TELL YOU
A LITTLE STORY, FRIEND.
IT STARTS
IN ANTARCTICA...
( clearing throat )
( in a silky voice ):
LEON AND I
WERE LIVING IN ENGLAND
AND WE SAID,
IF WE COULD
CREATE A DESSERT
THAT COMBINED
A BAKED GOOD
WITH FRESH...
( thwacking )
AND LO, THE COOKIES
DID FIGHT THEM.
THUS THERE WAS MUCH
SQUEAKING AND REJOICING.
FEAR NOT THE BUNNY.
NEITHER FEAREST THOU
THINE OWN SHOES
BUT LIFT UP YOUR EYES AND
SEEK OUT A SIGN OF LIGHT.
WOW.
I'LL HAVE NINE
BRATWURST SUPREMES
AND A CUP OF WIENER NUGGETS.
GREETINGS, FRIEND.
DOES YOUR LIFE SEEM EMPTY?
MMM... YEAH.
PERHAPS YOU SHOULD SEE
THE MANAGER.
GREETINGS, FRIEND.
HAVE A SAUSAGE.
YOU KNOW, A FEW OF US ARE
GETTING TOGETHER TONIGHT
TO EAT SOME BRATWURST.
WHY DON'T YOU JOIN US?
HEY, FREE BRATWURST.
( thinking ):
HMM, FREE BRATWURST.
HERE YOU GO, ROCK.
THANKS FOR DINNER.
HEFF, IS THAT
A SAUSAGE IN
YOUR POCKET?
OH, YEAH.
I WROTE THE ADDRESS
TO A PARTY ON IT.
YOU WANT TO GO?
NO, I BETTER WASH THESE
BEFORE THIS MOLD
GETS THE UPPER HAND.
( growling )
YOU GO, UNLESS YOU WANT
TO HELP ME WITH THE DISHES.
I THINK YOU'RE LOSING TOUCH
WITH WHAT'S REALLY
IMPORTANT IN LIFE.
( squelch )
THERE'S MORE TO LIFE
THAN JUST
ENCRUSTED MACARONI AND CHEESE.
YOU SHOULD COME OUT
AND EXPERIENCE THE WONDER
OF THE WORLD
WITH ME.
NAH!
( yelping )
HEY, WE CAN'T ALL GO OUT
AND SEARCH
FOR THE MEANING OF LIFE.
OKAY, I'LL GO ON MY OWN THEN.
WELCOME, FRIEND.
WE'VE BEEN
EXPECTING YOU.
AND I SAID, "BRATWURST?
WHY, THIS IS KNOCKWURST."
( both guffawing )
Heffer:
OOH, WAITER.
( gulps )
WOW, WHAT A SPREAD.
SAUSAGE WELLINGTON.
FILLET OF BRATWURST
UNDER GLASS.
PAPRIKA-SPRINKLED MINI LINKS
UNDER A PIECE OF WOOD.
WEENIES A LA METRONOME.
WELL, YOU HAVING
FUN, BIG GUY?
HEY, THEY'RE PLAYING
BOBBING FOR SAUSAGE
OVER THERE.
GO ON, GIVE IT A TRY.
OKAY.
( gurgling )
WAY TO GO.
( cheering )
OOH!
LET ME TRY.
( gurgling )
WE'RE GLAD
YOU HAD A GOOD TIME.
SAY, BROTHER, WHY DON'T YOU
JOIN ME TOMORROW MORNING
AND SPREAD THE GOOD WORD
OF SCHNITZEL?
YOU BET.
GOT TO GET TO THEM
EARLY, BROTHER.
YOU GET TO SEE THEM
IN THEIR JAMMIES.
YEAH, HELLO, SIR.
HAVE YOU HAD YOUR SAUSAGE
YET TODAY?
( growling )
HAVE A NICE DAY.
( sputtering )
( yawning and grunting )
WELL, I WONDER IF HEFF'S FOUND
THE MEANING OF LIFE YET.
HE'LL PROBABLY
SAY SOMETHING LIKE
( imitating Heffer ):
"HEY, ROCKO, LIFE'S
A BIG SHINY SAUSAGE."
( cackles )
HEFFER, THIS IS
WHERE WE SPREAD
OUR JOY TO THE MASSES.
YOU EVER BEEN ON TV, BROTHER?
ME? NO WAY.
Duck:
WELL, HERE'S YOUR CHANCE.
WE'RE STILL QUITE SHORT
OF OUR GOAL.
SO CALL IN THOSE PLEDGES.
OUR OPERATOR IS STANDING BY.
Director:
Go to camera two.
Camera three.
AND FOR THE KIDDIES:
Heffer:
HI, KIDS, I'M MR. SAUSAGE.
HI, I'M MR. SAUSAGE, TOO.
Duck ( whispers ):
SAY SOMETHING
ABOUT THE SCHNITZEL.
WHAT?
SELL THE
SAUSAGE!
OH, YEAH.
HAVE A SAUSAGE, WON'T YOU?
WHAT THE BLAZES?!
HEFF ON TV?
PLAYING WITH SAUSAGE?
OH, YEAH, I DARE YOU.
OKAY.
( gulps )
( laughs )
YOU SURE LOOK FUNNY
WITH NO HEAD.
WE'RE OFF THE AIR, BROTHER.
OH.
YOU HAVE A GREAT TALENT.
YOU SHOULD COME WITH ME.
( munching )
WOW.
THIS MUST BE THE SECOND
HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH.
( phone rings )
Rocko:
HELLO.
WHAT?!
NO, I DIDN'T TELL HEFF
TO JOIN THAT SCHNITZEL CROWD.
YES, I WILL, MRS. WOLF.
CALM DOWN, I'LL BRING HIM HOME.
BLIMEY.
JUST TWIST AND PULL.
NOW YOU DO IT.
TWIST AND PULL.
( laughing )
( clock strikes )
( weakly ):
COME AND GET IT.
( coughing )
WHAT ARE WE HAVING TODAY?
DIRT.
OH.
JUST KIDDING.
( snorts )
IT'S POWDERED SAUSAGE.
JUST ADD WATER.
COOL.
( strikes the hour )
( squeaking )
( all munching and gulping )
HMM... SAUSAGE AGAIN?
( gulps )
( clock strikes the hour )
( munching and gulping )
( sniffing )
( all gasping )
PIZZA.
I WAS GETTING A LITTLE TIRED
OF SAUSAGE
SO I ORDERED OUT.
WANT SOME?
WE DON'T EAT PIZZA
HERE, BROTHER.
WE DON'T GET TIRED
OF SAUSAGE.
WE  LOVE SAUSAGE!
IF YOU DON'T LOVE SAUSAGE
AS MUCH AS WE DO
YOU CAN GO PLOUGH THE
SAUERKRAUT FIELD, THEN!
( door slams )
♪ I GOT THEM MEAN OLD
SAUSAGE BLUES... ♪
( tires screeching )
WHAT, WHAT IS IT?
I'D LIKE TO SEE HEFFER, PLEASE.
UH...
NO, YOU CAN'T SEE HIM.
WHY NOT?
BECAUSE.
BECAUSE WHY?
BECAUSE HE'S WORKING
THE FIELDS, MAN.
NOBODY CAN SEE
THAT COW NO MORE.
NOW GET OUT OF HERE.
Rocko:
SOME FRIEND
I TURNED OUT TO BE.
HEFF'S A CAPTIVE
OF THE SAUSAGE PEOPLE
AND IT'S ALL MY FAULT.
THERE, THERE.
IT COULD HAPPEN TO ANYONE.
SAUSAGES ARE VERY SEDUCTIVE.
IF ONLY THERE WAS A WAY.
THERE'S A WAY.
( both groaning )
( banging )
WHO IS IT?
Filburt ( through loudspeaker ):
It is I
the benevolent bratwurst.
Open these gates
or I shall destroy you.
OH.
FAIR ENOUGH.
Hear me.
( crowd screaming )
You there.
Bow before me.
WHAT IS YOUR WISH, O GREAT ONE?
Uh...
BRING ME THE COW.
( hissing )
HOW WAS THAT, ROCKO?
GREAT, FILBURT, KEEP IT UP.
Now, I say.
NO, NOT THAT.
DON'T FEEL ME TO THAT THING!
HEY, WHAT ARE YOU...
( screaming )
WHOOPS.
WHAT THE...?
OH, BOY.
FAKES!
PERSECUTE THE UNBELIEVERS!
HOW'S IT GOING, FILBURT?
( yells, punches flying )
ARE THEY STILL BUYING IT?
FILBURT?
Duck:
WOE UNTO YOU
KANGAROO BOY.
WHY ARE YOU DRESSED
LIKE WEENIES?
THESE ARE OUR CEREMONIAL
BOWLING ROBES, DECEIVER.
WE'RE BOWLING FOR SINNERS TODAY.
YOU CAN'T CHUCK
BOWLING BALLS AT US.
WE CAN; IT SAYS SO
IN  THE BOOK OF BRATWURST.
"IF THERE BE ONE AMONG YOU
"WHO DOEST NOT FOLLOW
THE WAY OF THE SCHNITZEL
LET THAT ONE GO AND DO NOT
THROW BOWLING BALLS AT THEM."
WELL, THEN, SEE.
IT SAYS LET US GO.
IT'S A MATTER OF INTERPRETATION.
READY?
AIM!
( loud thud )
( all screaming )
I AM THE MOST SUPREME
AND MIGHTY KING OF WIENERS.
WHAT?
WHAT IS THY WILL,
MY MOST SCARY WIENER?
I HAVE COME TO TAKE
MY FAITHFUL SERVANTS HOME.
( all cheering )
SO, COME ON, KIDS.
AND NOW, AWAY.
BOMBS AWAY.
( followers screaming )
WHOOPS.
( glass shattering )
HEY, EVERYBODY
IT'S ME,
REALLY REALLY BIG MAN.
WHAT THE BLAZES
ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I WAS AT MARDI GRAS,
WHERE I WAS CROWNED KING WIENIE
WHEN I SAW IN MY NIPPERS
OF THE FUTURE
THE TROUBLE YOU WOULD HAVE.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND, BIG MAN.
I DIDN'T THINK YOU WOULD.
WELL, SEE YOU LATER.
WELL, HEFF, I HOPE
YOU LEARNED SOMETHING
FROM ALL THIS.
I SURE DID.
ALL THAT'S SHINY
IS NOT SAUSAGE.
OR SOMETHING.
[Captioning sponsored by THE
Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]